In this video we're going to discuss IP version 6 access control lists or IPTV 6 ACL is on the same
way as with IP version for IP vs six access control lists allow you to permit or deny traffic in your
network and are a component of a layered security model in the real world.
You don't necessarily just want to use access control lists for your security.
You want to implement firewalls and other mechanisms such as protocol analyses such as intrusion prevention
systems or IP S's but access lists are typically a first line of defense in security implementations
HPV 6 access lists share many of the same characteristics of IP version 4.
So the knowledge that you've gained when working with IP version 4 access lists can also be applied
to IP vs 6 access lists so they're very similar but there are differences between the two that you need
to be aware of both of them as an example photo and IP addresses of IP packets and player protocols.
So as an example you can filter on an IP vision for address using an IP version for access list IP vs
6 access lists can also filter on a source IP vs 6 IP address or IP vs 6 destination address but IP
vs 6 access list can also filter on ICMP or DCP or UDP.
You could also use IP vs 6 access lists to implement quality of service policies in your network or
to filter writing advertisements.
However the CCMA course focuses on the use of IP vs 6 to filter IP vs 6 packets arriving or being received
or being transmitted from Rada interfaces.